docs: add release notes for 0.37.0 (#9995)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.rst

 Release Notes
###############

**************
 Version 0.37
**************

Version 0.37.0
==============

**Release Date:** September 26, 2024

**Breaking Changes**

> -  API: Remove model_hub library from determined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- API: Remove the ``model_hub`` library from Determined.
```

>    -  Starting with this release, MMDetTrial and BaseTransformerTrial are removed. HuggingFace users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting with this release, ``MMDetTrial`` and ``BaseTransformerTrial`` are removed. HuggingFace users
```

>       should look at provided `HuggingFace TrainerAPI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 should refer to the provided `HuggingFace TrainerAPI
```

>       examples<https://github.com/determined-ai/determined/tree/main/examples/hf_trainer_api>_`,

Reviewer: This link does not work in the preview https://determined-ai-docs.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/previews/d0b11d38eaa8566308800c163206f076/release-notes.html

>       which use a custom callback in place of BaseTransformerTrial. Users of MMDetTrial can refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 which use a custom callback instead of BaseTransformerTrial. Users of MMDetTrial can refer to
```

      :ref:`Core API <api-core-ug>`.

**New Features**

-  Webhooks: Add support for experiment monitoring and alerting. Capabilities include creation of

>    workspace-level subscriptions with "All experiments" and "Specific experiment(s) with matching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
workspace-level subscriptions for "All experiments" or "Specific experiment(s) with matching
```

>    configuration" options; new trigger types: COMPLETED, ERROR, TASKLOG, and CUSTOM; custom triggers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 configuration" options. New trigger types include ``COMPLETED``, ``ERROR``, ``TASKLOG``, and ``CUSTOM``. Support for custom triggers,
```

>    for code-based alerts; webhook exclusion for specific experiments; and editable webhook URLs. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 code-based alerts, experiment-specific webhook exclusions, and editable webhook URLs is also added. For
```

>    details, visit :ref:supported-webhook-triggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
details, visit :ref:`supported-webhook-triggers`.
```

-  Master Configuration: Add support for POSIX claims in the master configuration. It now accepts

>    `agent_uid_attribute_name`, `agent_gid_attribute_name`, `agent_user_name_attribute_name`, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``agent_uid_attribute_name``, ``agent_gid_attribute_name``, ``agent_user_name_attribute_name``, or
```

>    `agent_group_name_attribute_name`. Refer to the :ref:OIDC master configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`agent_group_name_attribute_name`. Refer to the :ref:`OIDC master configuration
```

>    <master-config-oidc> or :ref:SAML master configuration <master-config-saml> for details. If any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<master-config-oidc>` or :ref:`SAML master configuration <master-config-saml>` for details. If any
```

>    of these fields are configured, they will be used and synced to the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of these fields are configured, they will sync with the database.
```

**Improvements**

-  WebUI: Change the "Compute Slots Allocated" label to "Unspecified Slots Allocated" for resource

>    pools with no or multiple slot types. Added error logs for zero or multi-slot-type cases, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pools with no or multiple slot types. Add error logs for zero or multi-slot-type cases and
```

>    updated the progress bar to include all agents when the slot type is TYPE_UNSPECIFIED.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
update the progress bar to include all agents when the slot type is ``TYPE_UNSPECIFIED``.
```

**Bug Fixes**

-  API/Tasks: Fix a bug where a master-configured ``log_retention_days`` value is not applied to

>    experiments and tasks. Now, the master-configured value is correctly applied to new experiments,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experiments and tasks. The master-configured value is now correctly applied to new experiments,
```
